my name is Alan Rubin and I play drums
for various bands including nine inch
nails Angels and Airwaves Paramore and
others and today we're at Apogee Studios
in Santa Monica and I'm doing a track of
my own off Exhibit A which is my latest
release called say what you
ha
the song we've done today say we will we
recorded everything directly into the
duet and the first and main thing being
drums we basically did a mono overhead
and a bass for Mike and that was very
successful at capturing everything I
mean you'll hear fills with with Tom's
and both the Tom and floor Tom come out
clear as day and snare obviously that's
never a problem and the cymbals as well
but not overpowering everything else
and everything else we just did
track-by-track the base was done di and
I kind of bounced back and forth between
a couple guitars for rhythms and leads
and whatever it was all through the same
same channel of the duet and then vocals
until the song was done
the duet is certainly capable of more
than just demoing I mean you'll hear
this track that we record today all of
it was done on the duet and that it
sounds full and fantastic
you